why never seventh than resolved to shooting
with pericotti he misses the real ones
signs but if you want you can serve me
enough of the vanger 30 so that the
he will carry all his life behind you stink
of the road
I really like the voice of the
street makes me feel good there is general
a minute of flower
all I know is the door
there was a page in the darkness with ksa
digging the first tribute do the greeting
remains seated on orders before
tourbus in c the hand turns the heels or for
beatboxer italy that right from the
birth and bauer in hand detected
stiffness attached with the cynics understood
my language proves to survive
controversy difficult but I'm used to
engraving little to die inside
about so recent gangemi amine have
treated as this franza that speaks the
customary chimney nulla brasilera
barillà costs formal child of boys
of capoeira
I read a lot of chess too
with the bomb
the whole house to those who no longer have words
that I closed my diary my rhymes
from the novelties to entrust lived but
so crazy course real money
I'm miraculous, they even hear money
it casts its motion and entered into yours
meeting people street and dojo do
with maria paola mangili johnson has from
right away to end it with quite dual prodigy
sim
you better take bad words ha
said ministers with me anyway for
irritate things could such e
I for the objective defended to be able to do
something you wouldn't like for
nothing harris
if you want to jump on me, I'm here
wait pretend don't want to leave
no serious heart you offer you look in
river will not give you wrong cards that you know
her desire to break especially on
mental if I explain the moral yes
he combines serious Malaysians that the dog eats
dog laughs scafati coldiretti that does it
resign knows how to do it even for less given
of the madman
find yourself at the same level as usual
on impact 3 fall I have his lap
beat alone with the white there is some
problem you know how many hated to
back I challenge you tonight but it didn't come
you know you end up in the ass tonight because
that relaxed crap figure lowering
shit head don't judge by
aquariums gone than the crew from the war
I make more fruit than the breed weeds
lemon that evening not reggina saw turns
flag while jaws the mouth because
too many times you know the dicks
I'm more the same, you don't know what I feel
still flash ended my family
my children my mother but my head is spinning
high in every neighborhood of this city
they can go around each other
double the five districts plus balance
son the flood and to do
they know who this whole world is of
shit
today color like joe with a casket made
of paitone calls me enough to know that he is
been killing at the top
I do not even like lie shouts at me
of kids stories that succeed padded
of alcohol effort outside the box
murder from the airports play fencing
therefore two little toys played with it
sperma all paride who but you are not
no one shits you nobody was home
I hold you in the square to you I eat your ass
pro vast fano elected to reported that
break at your house
healthy mica is fed between these houses will
talk about rap but agents do not go
I slam it in the square if we are in
four authors presented the real ones
santina motor problems from chiefs there
you understand nothing
that's how it gives us in my part for a
centimeter we defend with nails and
with teeth for an inch that looks
we're going to add up all those centimeters
the total will then make the difference between
victory and defeat
the friendship between living and dying